Add proposal for circuitbreaker(JUST A PLACE HOLDER FOR OSPP) (#839)
kmesh-net/kmesh: docs/proposal/circuit_breaker.md

    if (!can_create_connection) {
        host_->cluster().trafficStats()->upstream_cx_overflow_.inc();
    }

    // If we are at the connection circuit-breaker limit due to other upstreams having
    // too many open connections, and this upstream has no connections, always create one, to
    // prevent pending streams being queued to this upstream with no way to be processed.
    if (can_create_connection || (ready_clients_.empty() && busy_clients_.empty() &&
                                    connecting_clients_.empty() && early_data_clients_.empty())) {
        ENVOY_LOG(debug, "creating a new connection (connecting={})", connecting_clients_.size());
        // here are some logics for establishing a connection 
    } else {
        ENVOY_LOG(trace, "not creating a new connection: connection constrained");
        return ConnectionResult::NoConnectionRateLimited;
    }
}
```

Envoy also supports outlier detection. If an endpoint produces too many exceptions (e.g., returning 5xx HTTP status), it will be temporarily removed from the connection pool.

<div align="center">
    <img src="./pics/outlier_detection.png" />
</div>

> After some time, it will be added back, but if it continues to fail, it will be removed again. Each time it's removed, the wait time to be added back increases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After some time, it will be added back, but if it continues to fail, it will be removed again. The wait time for re-adding increases with each removal.
```

So, Istio's circuit breaker has two main functionalities that involve both L4 and L7 management, as shown in the table below:

| Function                 | Network Management                                   |
| ------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| Connection Pool Settings | L4, connection statistic, traffic control            |
| Outlier Detection        | L4 & L7, http status code statistic, traffic control |

#### Implement the connection pool settings

Here are some counters and gauges in Envoy:

+ Host Stats

>     | Variable        | Type    |

Reviewer: nit: you can explain what these variables mean

+ TCP_DEFER_CONNECT:

    We will enter sockops traffic control flow in this branch. It will trigger a series of chain calls, finally reaching `cluster_manager` (check the following image).

    <div align="center">
        <img src="./pics/kmesh_ads_mode_sockops_flow.png" width="50%" />
    </div>

    We will get cluster information here (e.g, cluster id). We can store the cluster id in the `cluster_sock_data`. At this stage, we have bound the cluster to the socket.

    We can do so by calling this function below in `cluster_manager`:

    ```c
    static inline void on_cluster_sock_bind(struct bpf_sock *sk, const char* cluster_name) {
        BPF_LOG(DEBUG, KMESH, "record sock bind for cluster %s\n", cluster_name);
        struct cluster_sock_data *data = NULL;
        if (!sk) {
            BPF_LOG(WARN, KMESH, "provided sock is NULL\n");
            return;
        }

        data = bpf_sk_storage_get(&map_of_cluster_sock, sk, 0, BPF_LOCAL_STORAGE_GET_F_CREATE);
        if (!data) {
            BPF_LOG(ERR, KMESH, "record_cluster_sock call bpf_sk_storage_get failed\n");
            return;
        }

>         bpf_strncpy(data->cluster_name, BPF_DATA_MAX_LEN, (char *)cluster_name);

Reviewer 2: This is introduced in kernel 5.17, but we should support 5.10

Author: https://github.com/kmesh-net/kmesh/blob/cce29bcdc8e709d53d8c08d66bbe9875c40b0453/bpf/kmesh/ads/include/tail_call.h#L88-L92

but i found it also use `bpf_strncpy`, maybe we need an alternative

Reviewer 2: IC, this is defined with kernel patch
